How many countries must you visit to be considered 'well-traveled'?
How many quality peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches can you get out of one jar of peanut butter?
How long do you need to wait on a delayed plane on the tarmax before its time to start chanting 'Lets us go! Let us go!'?
How many charis would you expect to see donated at a 'Chairing is Caring' fundraiser?
What's the perfect amount of presents to satify a child on their 7th birthday?
what is the perfect number of members for a book club?
How many membership cards would you expect to find in one fat wallet?
How many squaks before the wheel gets the grease?
What is the perfect number of team memebers ofr an Indiana Jones like archaelogical adventure?
What battery percentage number means its time to plug in your phone?
How many members should be in a large boy band named Boyz 4 Dayz?
How many business cards should you bring with you to a 'Mix n Match Business Bash'?
How many times should a UCLA freshman say 'Dude' in their 1st year of college?
How many dancing people are required to make a legendary conga line?
Each year, how many people walk by the Mona Lisa and say 'meh' ?
How many days after tehcheck engine light comes on in your car should you call to get it serviced?
How much money should you make at a successful garage sale?
How long is the perfect Maid of Honor/Best Man speech?
If your job allows for unlimited vacation time, how many vacation days should you actually take in a year?
How many days long is the perfect vacation?
How many bananas is a bananas amount of bananas?
How many hot dogs does someone need to eat in 10 minutes to be considered a competitive eater?
What % discount should you be given by Hilton customer service if you find dirty underwear behind the night stand?
If someone has 'lost their marbles' , how many marbles are they missing?
what is the perfect number of clowns to come out of a clown car?
how many doves should be released at a 50th Annual 'Dovetacular'?
How many trashcans does a wildly successful raccoon family pillage during their weekly Friday Food Frenzy?
How much money should you spend on carnival games to win a stuffed animal bigger than you?
how many people are needed for a sufficent most pit?
what is the perfect temperature for an epic beach day?
how many rules should a group named the 'no rules boys' break before deciding to make matching jacekts?
how many people do you need to see in line at the store before you just go back home?
whats the fewest amount of crayon colors you can given a child without stifling their creativity?
how many times should you say 'thank you' in a year?
how many 'sights' should you see on an adventurous vacation?
after how many sneezes should you ask someone to leave the movie theater?
how many miles over the speed limit should you go if you're really really late?
how many alien dreams do you have before realizing that you were actually abducted?
how many tvs are in teh ultimate sports bar?
how many photos of grandchildren should hang on a good granny's wall?
whats the perfect number of houses ot trick or treat at on halloween night?
how often does someone have to casually talk about math before you decide the friendship just isn't worth it?
when a chorus of angels sings. how many angels are we talking about?
how many bedrooms are in the perfect dream home?
how many pieces of halloween candy is ok to eat on halloween night?
how many different cheeses make for an impressive cheese plate?
how many knots should a sea faring son of a sailor be able to tie?
how many miles are on a decent used car?
how many of your close friends must be invited to a dinner party for you to feel personally snubbed that you werent invited?
how many parking spots should you expect to pass before finding the spot?
whats the minimum number of people to start a successful colony on mars?
how many different kinds of sweets should be at a place called 'Carols candy castle' ?
how much time does a gym rat spend in the gym each week?
when making the playlist for your best friends birthday party, how many songs should be included?
how long do you have to dance at a wedding before its 'okay' to take your shoes off?
when in a movie theater completely alone, how many movie trailers need to play for you to realize you're being pranked?
how many swear words does 'a real potty mouth' use in a day?
how many shamrocks should you be able to find in a small irish pub?
how many guests make for the perfect thanksgiving dinner?
how many times do you call a friend who doesn't return your call before giving up on them entirely?
how many rides should yo uride for the ultimate day at hte amusement park?
how many fresh aa batteries should you have in your home at all times?
we may never know who let the dogs out, but how many does was it?
how many times should you look at your phone in a day?
whats the minimum number of scooters required for a scooter day scooter parade?
how long can a stranger talk to your baby before it gets 'weird'?
how many friends is the perfect amount of friends?
how much time should you spend each day on self-improvement?
how many times a day should you check your email?
how many candies is too many candies at a private piano recital?
how many food items do you need to sample from a buffet to feel like you got your money's worth?
how many nuts should each squirrel store away for the winter?
how many accidental burps on a first date mean there wont be a second?
how many quality reusable shopping bags should you own?
how many logs should you gather for the family campfire?
how many flowers make up a perfect 'im sorry' bouquet?
how many nicknames should you try giving yourself before you let everyone just keep calling you 'tiny dancer'?
how many days before you swap out your old toothbrush for a new one?
how many squirrels does it take appearing in your yard for it to suddenly go from 'awesome ' to 'alarming' ?
how many fish to you need to catch to justify an expensive 3day fishing trip?
how many go-to hiding spots should you have at home to be the best at hide and seek?
how many easter eggs should you hide for a 4 year old?
how few chips are in a truly disappointing bag of potato chips?
at what age does someone pass away and you no loonger need to ask ' what happened'?
how many times should you call your mother each year?
If you're handing out food samples at the supermarket and a sweet old lady keeps taking samples, how many do you give her before cutting her off?
how many ounces of coffee are required to really get going?
how many species of underwater creatures have we not discovered yet?
if you had to accept money in exchange for your favorite family member , how much would that be?
how many songs do you need to put on a dance party playlist?
how many poems make a poet prolific?
how many magazine subscriptions should a reputable doctor have for their waiting room?
how many items should be in a really great gift basket?
how many times should you wash your hands a day?
how many potted plants can your neighbor ask you to water before yo uexpect a little something in return?
how many emojis are too many emojis for a casual workplace email?
when texting someone after a successful 1st date, how many texts should you send without a reply before giving up?
how many parties should you attend in a truly festive year?
how many curls make a curly fry worth showing to someone?
how many spiders must you find in your home to actually consider moving out?
what age do you need to be in order to raise a little hell?
how many bumper stickers should be on the back of a well-loved subaru?
what is an acceptable amount of minutes to haveto wait at the dmv?
how many invites should you spend for the perfect summertime bbq?
how long is too long for a drum solo?
how many times must someone call you the wrong name before you correct them?
how many different towns should yo uvisit while backpacking through Europe for a month?
what is the perfect amount of potted plants for a fully oxygenerated apartment?
after how many people throwing up do yo udecide its time to leave the party?
how many butterflies in your backyard is worth calling the local news?
how many smooches must you give for your kissing booth to be considered a runaway success?
how many jumping jacks does someone named 'jumping jack jones' do in a week?
how many times it is acceptable to hit the snooze button on a morning when you don't have anywhere to go?
how many coffee table books should be in a classy living room?
to what age should a truly epic person live?
how many beakers should a mad scientist have ubbling at all times?
how many chocolate bars should you put aside in case of a zombie apocalypse?
if you had to pay for friendship, whats the price for a friend who drives you to and from teh airport and laughs at all your jokes?
how many fire trucks must blow past you for you to decide you need to follow them and find out whats going on?
how long should you be willing to wait in line to get a hug and /or kiss from your favoirte celebrity?
if you fround a pefect t-rex skull in your backyard , how much should you sell it for on ebay?
how many zombies should the average person be able to protect their house from?
how many dad jokes should a good uncle know?
what % of people actually have aclue about whats going on?
how many pumplins do you expect to be on display at a place called 'pumpy t pumpernickel's pumptacular pumpkin patch'?
how many times does your pet need to escape before you just let it freaking go?
how many times do you need to see your favorite band to be considered an all-star fan?
how many awards do you need to be highly recognized in your field?
when your waiter confidently memorizes your order, how many guests must be in your party for you to inisist that they write it all down?
if something is referred to as costing an arm and a leg, how much did it cost?
how many gallons of water should you have stocked in your disaster preparation kit?
how many decorative pillows can you put on the bed before things get out of hand?
how many different balloon animals must someone be able to make to be considered a professional balloon twister?
when someone brings a guitar to a campfire, how many songs should they know?
how long should someone spend in their garden each week to be considered as having a 'green thumb'?
after how many consecutive sneezes is it ok to just stop saying 'bess you' ?
how many times should you laugh out loud in a movie for it to be a comedy classic?
how long of a field goal should an average person off the street be able to successfully kick?
'i will be right there' should be how long?
how many concerned neighbors does it take to get a new stop sign installed?
what was the most interesting year in history?
how many pictures from your last vacation should you really share with your friends and family?
how many ducks need to be staring at you for you to suddenly feel unsafe?
how many pairs of shoes make for the perfect wardrobe?
how many residents make for the perfect wilderness commune?
after how long trapped in an elevator do you start freaking out?
in a perfect world , how long would a normal school day be?
what time of day is best for the first sip of coffee?
when trick or treating , how many pieces of candy make for an 'epic haul'?
how many names should a good pastor be expected to memorize?
whats the population of the perfect small town?
how many boxes of girl scout cookies do you need to buy to be the local hero?
how many security guards should be on hand for the big game?
when you're giving a 90 year old a birthday spank for every year of their life, at what number spank do you say ' you get the idea' and call it quits?
when fishing on the lake with your grandpa, how long do you keep fishing without a catch?
if it takes you 10,000 hours to master something, how many does it take to get 'pretty darn good' at it?
how much money should a successful street performer be able to make in 3 hours?
how many super intelligent , human shaped, weapon equipped robots would it take to overthrow the human race?
how much money makes someone filthy rich?
how much should you pay for a really nice sweater?
what temperature makes it offically too cold for shorts?
how many calories are in a truly induglgent dessert?
if you find the house of your dreams for an incredible price, what is the max amount of murders that could have taken place there previously for you to still seal the deal?
how many balloons do you need to buy when you are in charge of balloons for senior prom?
when dating someone new and beautiful, how many different friends must raise concern for you to stop seeing them?
how many shells should you actually bring home after a beach vacation?
how much time should yo uspend on social media each day?
how many ingredients are probably in dianne's famous 'dump truck pasta' ?
how much should yo upay for front row seats to see the worlds best ventriloquist?
how many builds make up a striking downtown skyline?
how many ghost encounters in your home would cause you to sell?
how many snacks can you hide in cargo pants?
whats the right amount of people for the perfect group hug?
how long of a wait is worth it for your favorite breakfast spot?
how much time should be dedicated to visiting family and friends each week?
how many times does the stranger sitting next to you on a plane need to fart for you to confront them?
how many extra-terrestrials currently live in florida?
how many framed artworks should you hang in your home?
how much money should it cost for beyonce to sing at your birthday party?
if you win $100 million dollars , tax free, how much should you give to charity?
if your airbnb boasts of a 'worldly coffee experience', how many different coffee flavors should it have?
how many pairs of underwear should you own?
how many spoons do you need for a respectable spoon collection?
how many times do you need to order the same meal before you start asking for 'the usual' ?
how many pounds should godzilla weigh?
if your posse rolls deep, how many people are in that posse?
how many aliens suddently arriving on earth turn it from a visitation to an invasion?
how many 'fat stacks' of cash would you need to buy the average house?
how many 1 star reviews should a product you really want have before you decide not to buy it?
how many miles should you get out of your favorite pair of sneakers?
how many songs on an album must be fantastic for that album to be considered a classic?
how many holiday songs should a decent group of carolers know by heart?
how many people make up a vigilant neighborhood watch?
how many cupcakes should be at the funeral for someone known as carl the cupake king?
how long should you keep your child's artwork before you toss it?
how many years must you know someone before you can call them an old friend?
how many days after milk's expiration date is it still okay to drink?
how many different fandroms ( tv shows, movies, comics, books, etc) do you have to be part of to be a 'nerd' ?
how many times must someone pass gas on a road trip for you to hold a vote to kick them out of the car?
whats the best time of day for a power nap?
how many go to dinner recipes should a 30 year old know?
how many different stretches should you practice daily to get a flexible body?
how many awards should you win before getting yourself a trophy case?
how heavy is the fish you need to catch to get your picture in teh local paper?
what is the perfect amount of tv to watch in a week?
how many farts ( including squakers ) should be featured in Wolfgang Amadeus fartzart's 5th fart symphony ?
how many elves work in santas workshop?
what feels like the right number of members in the local chapter of the harry styles fan club?
how many degrees off is waaaay off the mark for a weather persons prediction?
how long do you wait at a restaurant for your blind date before heading home?
how many pillows make up a formidable pillow fort?
what % of fortune cookies are potentially accurate?
how many chugs should someone chug each day to earn the name ' king chugga chug' ?
if you sent 2 weeks making a video for youtube, how many views should make you proud?
how many different cereals should be offered at a 'house of breakfast cereal' ?
how many 'winners' can there be at an awards ceremony before you no longer feel special about winning?
what floor of a skyscraper is too high to live on?
how many times should an emotionally healthy person cry thoughout their lifetime?
how many deliveries should a self-proclaimed shopaholic recieve each week?
how many oompa loopas do you need to start your own chocolate factory?
on average how many months should you hold onto a phone before upgrading?
how many mariachis is way too many mariachis in a mariachi band?
how far apart can two birthdays be to still throw a joint party?
how many vampires live on 'vampire island'?
how many people should be able to fit into your emergency underground bunker?
how far should a successful paper airplane travel?
what % discount should you expect off a pair of pants if they're being described as 'haunted' ?
how many films does a self-proclaimed 'movie buff' see in a year?
assuming mermaids are real, how many live in the pacific ocean?
how much money should be inside a giant sack with a dollar sign on it?
how many card tricks should a junior magician have memorized?
how many books does a well read individual read each year?
how many peices of gum will you chew for the rest of your life?
how many people are required to start a successful 'wave' in a stadium?
how long is ' a good soak' ?
how many turtles should star in a show called 'turtle time' ?
when finding money on the floor, whats the dollar amount that changes from 'finders keepers' to 'ill see if i can find the owner first' ?
if you started a new religion, how many members would it need to be considered a spiritual success?
how many good jokes should a royal jester have in their repertoire to avoid being sent to the dungeons?
how many throwing stars should a ninja have available at all times?
how many cartwheels in a row is actually impressive?
owning how many buildings makes someone offically a real estate mogul?
what should annual tuition be fore a solid college education?
how many people need to puke after riding a rollercoaster for you to definitely never ever ride it?
what % of scientists would need to tell you that chocolate was bad for you before you stopped eating it all together?
how many puppies should one expect to be at a world famous 'puppy parlor' ?
how many songs are played in an epic rock encore?
how many turtles do you need to see alongside a creek before you rename it turtle creek?
how many sauce packets in a junk drawer are offically too many?
how many names are on the average sh*t list?
how many mattresses would break someone's fall from a tall building?
how long should you wait before sending a 2nd follow up with an important business lead?
how many people is too many people in a pool?
how many squirrely squirrels running around would it take to break the most well trained police dog?
how many demons should you expect in a 'cave of nightmares' ?
how many balls does a 'coach of the year' have in the back of their car?
whats the right price for an oil company to set up a drilling well in your backyard?
how many times must a junior executive burp loudly in board meetings for them to understandably be fired?
what is the perfect temperature for a restful night's sleep?
how many animals were on noah's ark?
if your dream invloves cloens, how many make it a truly terrifying nightmare?
how many free samples of ice cream can be requested before the employee can give the customer a little attitutde?
when watching football with a new friend, how many high-fives should trigger the phrase 'lets maybe take a breather from the high-fives pal' ?
after how many pages should you give up on a book that hasn't fully grabbed your attention?
how many trees make up a small forest?
how much should you be willing to spend on a first date in new york?
whats the max amount of dollars you should spend at an antique store for something that could maybe a treasure?
whats a realistic number of items on a daily to-do list for a real go-getter?
how long is a good hike?
how many pounds does the perfect dog weigh?
what is the perfect number of guests for an outdoor wedding?
how many rooms are in a stately manor?
how many socks should you take on vacation?
how many jump scares should be in a terrifying haunted house?
how many different vegetables should you eat each week?
how many different sugary cereals does an aunt need in her pantry to be the favorite aunt?
if your name is top hat tom, how many top hats do you own?
how many plants have to die in your care for you to be considered a 'plant killer' ?
when stuck talking to someone boring at a party, after how many minutes is it okay to slink away?
how young is too young for your primary care physician ?
how many times should one person look in the mirror each day?
how many falling-outs must you have to realize that maybe you are the problem?
how many birds do you need to identify to be considered a bird watcher?
how much time should you spend outdoors every day?
if 3 hockey goals are a 'hat trick' , how many goals are in a ' jacket, pants and boots trick' ?
how much money should one accept in exchange for replacing your linkedin profile pic with a butt?
how many bags does someone bring home from a sensational shopping spree?
how many cats can you own before it ' becomes a problem' ?