Batman wants to replace Robin to fight the bad guys. Create a new duo 'Batman and ...' from the worst to the best
imagine the next object sold at the white house store. from the least probable to the most probable
what does the fortune cookie say that you just ate? from the simplest to the hardest to understand
in the movie fast & furious 12, there is a chase in a ... comple from Low Cost to Impressive blockbuster
a Clairvoyant tells you how you are going to die. tell us what she said, from the Worst Death to the Best Death for you
your portrait is platered on huge billboards all over the city to advertise a product. which one? from the Least flattering to the most flattering
imagine the secret ingredient in spring rolls. from the worst to the best
all the players around this table are in an abandoned manor. its midnight, suddenly there is a strange norise in teh attic... say what you woud do. from the Scariest reaction to the Bravest
this is my honorary club member card of .... complete. from not very Glorious to too Classy
what is the name of your rock band with your friends ? from "SOFT" to "WHICH RIPS"
the captain never knows what to do on a sunday morning. advise him an activity. form less to most enjoyable
you've trained your dog and its crazy, now he can BLANK. from least amazing to most amazing
at the end of the movie you're watching; how does the big bad guy die? from the extremely stupid way to the classy way
your boss announces a change in working conditions. from worst to better change
look another player straight in the eyes and tell him why you're leaving him. from dumb reason to very good reason
where could the captain take his date to dinner ? from least impressive to most impressive
theres the Tortis and Hare and the hare is retiring . what animal will beat the tortis? from slowest to fastest 
FIND A NICKNAME FOR YOUR Spouse. SEPARATION IS CLOSE TO I LOVE HIM MORE AND MORE EVERY DAY
THIS scratch lotto ticket: SCRATCH IT THEN what is your next action WHEN YOU DISCOVER YOUR GAIN: FROM 1EURO TO 100 MILLION EUROS!
president is finisihing their term. what is their next job ? from least probable to most probable 
your playing hide and seek ; where is the worst to best spot so not be to found
need to create a new holiday to add to calendar ; what is it from No one Cares to THATS AWESOME
you're creating a startup for a new app. what does this app do? from least to most useful
oh shit, the toliets are clogged! what do you find to unblock them? from least effective to most effective
take an imaginary wand and cast a spell of your invention to antoher player, from very wicked to very nice
what activity can we do on teh weekend? very qiuet activity to one which we dont get out alive
you would like to dive into a pool full of BLANK from the worst to the best
one of hte players at this table is a vampire... reveal their identity by pointing and saying how you figured it out. from a SMALL clue to Irrefutable evidence
what is in your suitcase for your winter sports getaway? from the Least useful to the most useful
after a shipwreck you find yourself on a desert isalnd . what is it ? from least useful to most useful
you are in a hot air balloon trying to get off the ground ; what do you drop from lightest to heaviest
you are creating a reality tv audition ; what character characteristic are you looking for from least wanted to most wanted
invent the title of an article posted on facebook ; from zero reaction to most likes
describe the pitch for hte next blockbuster series ; from the one no oen will watch to for sure HIT
you are applying for an accountants job ; what leasiure activites do you list on your resume from one that is a turn off to one that convinces yes
what is the 3rd ingredient for a vacation ; sun , getting away from it all & BLANK from nightmare to ideal vacation
when you go over to a friends house ; what do you take from COMMON to USUSUAL
what did your horiscope say this morning from really bad day to great news 
* Try Again *
Arrange the superheroes in order of their fashion sense, from the worst-dressed to the best-dressed.
Predict the next bizarre trend that will take over social media, from the least likely to the most likely.
Share the sequence of events that led to a hilarious mishap at a comedy show, from the least embarrassing to the most embarrassing.
Rank the countries in terms of their love for spicy food, from the least spicy to the spiciest.
Imagine a new flavor of ice cream that will be released, from the least appealing to the most mouthwatering.
Describe the sequence of events that leads to a magical transformation in a fairy tale, from the least magical to the most enchanting.
Create a list of famous landmarks that are most likely to be visited by aliens, from the least probable to the most probable.
Predict the next breakthrough technology that will revolutionize daily life, from the least expected to the most anticipated.
Describe the sequence of events that unfolds during an epic dance battle, from the least intense to the most exhilarating.
Rank the planets in our solar system based on their potential to sustain human life, from the least habitable to the most habitable.
Imagine a new form of transportation that could replace cars, from the least practical to the most efficient.
Create a list of animals that are most likely to form a rock band, from the least musical to the most talented.
Describe the steps involved in organizing a surprise party, from the least secretive to the most elaborate.
Predict the next fashion trend that will take over the runway, from the least wearable to the most stylish.
Imagine a new sport that will be introduced in the Olympics, from the least conventional to the most innovative.
Create a list of inventions that are most likely to be created in the next decade, from the least groundbreaking to the most revolutionary.
Describe the sequence of events that leads to a shocking plot twist in a mystery novel, from the least surprising to the most unexpected.
* Try Again *
In a parallel universe, superheroes gain their powers from eating... from the least appetizing to the most delicious source.
Your pet parrot starts speaking fluent Mandarin Chinese. Describe its level of proficiency from beginner to native speaker.
A wizard offers you a choice magical common house hold objects: Rank them in terms of usefulness.
You discover a hidden portal to a world inhabited by sentient cheese. Describe the different cheese civilizations from the least mature to the most aged.
In a world where cars are powered by vegetables, rank the performance of different vegetable-powered vehicles from the slowest to the fastest.
You wake up one day with the ability to understand and speak the language of plants. Describe the level of intelligence of different plant species from the least talkative to the most philosophical.
A time-traveling chef invites you to taste dishes from different historical eras. Rank the flavors of ancient recipes from the least palatable to the most delicious.
You discover a hidden treasure chest filled with unusual items. Rank them in terms of strangeness, from the least bizarre to the most bizarre.
In a world where music is forbidden, you become a secret conductor leading an underground orchestra. Rank different musical instruments in terms of their stealthiness.
You stumble upon a book that grants you the power to instantly master any skill. Rank different skills based on their usefulness in everyday life, from the least practical to the most essential.
In a society where people communicate through interpretive dance, rank different dance moves based on their expressiveness from the least graceful to the most mesmerizing.
You discover a secret society of talking animals. Rank their leadership abilities from the least effective to the most inspiring.
A mischievous fairy offers you three wishes, but each wish comes with a bizarre consequence. Rank the wishes based on their potential for chaos from the least disruptive to the most catastrophic.
In a world where colors have flavors, rank the taste of different colors from the least appetizing to the most mouthwatering.
You wake up with the ability to understand the thoughts of inanimate objects. Rank different objects based on their level of existential angst from the least troubled to the most despairing.
You find a magical wardrobe that leads to different dimensions. Rank the dimensions based on their level of weirdness from the least surreal to the most mind-bending.
In a futuristic society, robots are programmed to have unique personalities. Rank different robot personalities based on their sense of humor from the least funny to the most hilarious.
You stumble upon a secret underground city inhabited by eccentric inventors. Rank their inventions based on their level of usefulness from the least practical to the most groundbreaking.
In a world where dreams become reality, rank different dream scenarios based on their level of absurdity from the least nonsensical to the most surreal.
You discover a magical forest where trees have the ability to grant wishes. Rank the trees based on their willingness to fulfill wishes from the least cooperative to the most benevolent.
* Try Again *
In an action-packed spy thriller, rank the world's deadliest assassins based on their unusual but deadly weapons of choice.
A group of superheroes must defeat an army of evil robots, each with its own quirky personality. Describe the robots' distinct characteristics and rank them based on their comedic value.
In a fantasy epic, rank the mythical creatures based on their unconventional abilities, from the most absurd to the most unexpectedly useful.
A team of explorers embarks on a mission to a remote planet, only to discover that the planet is populated by sentient household appliances. Describe the appliances and rank them based on their surprising combat skills.
In a disaster movie, a global crisis arises when gravity suddenly starts behaving erratically. Describe the bizarre gravity-related phenomena and rank them based on their level of chaos.
A group of archaeologists uncovers a secret tomb filled with enchanted artifacts. Rank the artifacts based on their unexpected powers and the challenges they present to the adventurers.
In a futuristic sci-fi movie, rank the advanced technology gadgets based on their unusual but surprisingly practical uses.
A group of time-traveling adventurers accidentally alters history, resulting in famous historical figures being replaced by their eccentric doppelgängers. Describe the figures and rank them based on their comedic value.
In a superhero team-up film, rank the heroes based on their peculiar but effective fighting styles.
A group of unlikely allies must navigate a treacherous labyrinth filled with nonsensical riddles and puzzles. Describe the challenges and rank them based on their level of absurdity.
In a high-octane racing movie, rank the customized vehicles based on their outlandish modifications and their impact on the race.
A renowned scientist invents a device that can communicate with animals, but it turns out that animals have their own hilarious and unexpected societies. Describe different animal communities and rank them based on their quirky customs.
In a supernatural thriller, rank the ghosts haunting a haunted mansion based on their unique and unexpected abilities to scare or entertain.
A team of astronauts crash-lands on an alien planet where the native plants have unusual but helpful properties. Describe the plants and rank them based on their surprising uses in the astronauts' survival.
In a martial arts epic, rank the fighters based on their unconventional but effective fighting techniques.
A group of treasure hunters must decipher a series of bizarre clues to find a legendary artifact. Describe the clues and rank them based on their level of absurdity.
In a science fiction space opera, rank the alien species based on their unexpected appearances and their ability to bring comic relief to tense situations.
A group of explorers enters a hidden jungle where plants have gained sentience and developed distinct personalities. Describe the plant characters and rank them based on their unexpected quirks.
In a time-travel adventure, rank the historical figures the protagonists encounter based on their unexpected talents or hidden eccentricities.
A team of monster hunters faces off against a variety of legendary creatures. Describe the monsters and rank them based on their unexpected weaknesses or humorous traits.